do you think this is right do you say my
do you think this is right do you say my righteousness is more than God's for you
righteousness is more than God's for you
righteousness is more than God's for you say what advantage will it be to you
say what advantage will it be to you
say what advantage will it be to you what profit shall I have more than if I
what profit shall I have more than if I
what profit shall I have more than if I had sinned I will answer you and your
had sinned I will answer you and your
had sinned I will answer you and your companions with you look to the heavens
companions with you look to the heavens
companions with you look to the heavens and see and behold the clouds they are
and see and behold the clouds they are
and see and behold the clouds they are higher than you if you sin
higher than you if you sin
higher than you if you sin what do you accomplish against him or if
what do you accomplish against him or if
what do you accomplish against him or if your transgressions are multiplied what
your transgressions are multiplied what
your transgressions are multiplied what do you do to him
do you do to him
do you do to him if you are righteous what do you give
if you are righteous what do you give
if you are righteous what do you give him or what does he receive from your
him or what does he receive from your
him or what does he receive from your hand your wickedness affects a man such
hand your wickedness affects a man such
hand your wickedness affects a man such as you and your righteousness a son of
as you and your righteousness a son of
as you and your righteousness a son of man because of the multitude of
man because of the multitude of
man because of the multitude of oppressions they cry out they cry out
oppressions they cry out they cry out
oppressions they cry out they cry out for help because of the arm of the
for help because of the arm of the
for help because of the arm of the mighty but no one says where is God my
mighty but no one says where is God my
mighty but no one says where is God my maker who gives songs in the night who
maker who gives songs in the night who
maker who gives songs in the night who teaches us more than the beasts of the
teaches us more than the beasts of the
teaches us more than the beasts of the earth and makes us wiser than the birds
earth and makes us wiser than the birds
earth and makes us wiser than the birds of heaven there they cry out but he does
of heaven there they cry out but he does
of heaven there they cry out but he does not answer because of the pride of evil
not answer because of the pride of evil
not answer because of the pride of evil men surely God will not listen to empty
men surely God will not listen to empty
men surely God will not listen to empty talk nor will the almighty regard it
talk nor will the almighty regard it
talk nor will the almighty regard it although you say you do not see him yet
although you say you do not see him yet
although you say you do not see him yet justice is before him and you must wait
justice is before him and you must wait
justice is before him and you must wait for him
for him
for him and now because he has not punished in
and now because he has not punished in
and now because he has not punished in his anger nor taken much notice of folly
his anger nor taken much notice of folly
his anger nor taken much notice of folly therefore job opens his mouth in vain he
therefore job opens his mouth in vain he
therefore job opens his mouth in vain he multiplies words without knowledge